---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
October 10 2023

# Privacy Policy

Juxhin Bakalli Technologies ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices concerning the information collected from users of our iOS application ("App").

## 1. Information We Collect
The App collects and stores only non-personal information related to user interactions within the application. This includes, but is not limited to, events, actions, and preferences. We do not collect any personally identifiable information.

<br>

## 2. How We Use the Information
The information collected is used for the sole purpose of improving the user experience within the App. This may include, but is not limited to, optimizing features, understanding user behavior, and addressing technical issues.

<br>

## 3. Lawful Basis for Processing (GDPR)
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA), our lawful basis for processing this non-personal data is legitimate interests, as it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in understanding and improving the functionality and user experience of the App.

<br>

## 4. Information Sharing
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose any of the information collected to third parties.

<br>

## 5. Analytics Services
We may use third-party analytics services, such as Google, to help us analyze how users interact with the App. These services may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect and store non-personal information. The data generated by these services will be used solely for the purpose of evaluating user behavior within the App.

<br>

## 6. Data Security
We implement reasonable security measures to protect the information collected from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure, and therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.

<br>

## 7. Children's Privacy
Our App is not directed to individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can delete the information.

<br>

## 8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and any changes will be posted on this page with an updated effective date. Your continued use of the App after any such changes constitutes acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.

<br>

## 9. Your GDPR Rights
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal data. You also have the right to object to or restrict the processing of your personal data. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at contact@getintervaltimer.com

<br>

## Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@getintervaltimer.com

<br>

By using the App, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
